confirmed-mods.md, before:

# Confirmed Mods

These are the mods that have been confirmed and configured for this modpack.

There are two kinds of sections. Those that are dedicated to a related group
of mods, such as Minecolonies or JourneyMap; and those that are sorted by the
categories they are in.

Locations of the configuration files for the mods will be added later.

Looks like the Baritone mod is no longer on Curseforge, so we'll need to
[install it manually](https://github.com/cabaletta/baritone). And, just for
the record, it's a client side mod.

Todo: Cherry pick from [The Vanilla
Experience](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/the-vanilla-experience).

See if [Quark](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/quark) is still
interesting to me.

## Minecolonies

These are Minecolonies mods, created by the Minecolonies team.

- [Minecolonies](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/minecolonies)
  - [Domum-Ornamentum](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/domum-ornamentum)
  - [Multi-Piston](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/multi-piston)
  - [Structurize](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/structurize)
  - [Town Talk](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/towntalk)
- [Anvil Balance](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/anvil-balance)
- [Better Treasure Map](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/treasuredistance)
- [Clean Swing Through Grass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clean-swing-through-grass)
- [Storage Racks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/storage-racks)
- [Stylecolonies](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/stylecolonies)
- [Vanilla Plus Tools](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/vanilla-tools)
- [WaterPhysics](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waterphysics)

## Base Mods

These are the core, basic mods I know fairly well and know that I want them in
my modpack.

- [Better Advancements](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-advancements)
- [Comforts](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/comforts)
- [Waystones](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waystones)

## Shaders

- [Vanilla Plus Shader](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/shaders/vanilla-plus-shader)

## Texture Packs

- [Fresh Animations](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/fresh-animations)
- [HD Font - Inconsolata](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/hd-font-inconsolata)

## Biomes

- [Biomes O'Plenty](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/biomes-o-plenty)
- [Geophilic Reforged – Biome Additions](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/geophilic-reforged)
- [Ocean Floor - Clay Sand and Dirt](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ocean-floor-clay-sand-and-dirt)
- [Tan's Huge Trees](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tan-huge-trees)

## JourneyMap

- [JourneyMap](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap)
- [JourneyMap Integration](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap-integration)

## Just Enough Items (JEI)

- [JEI (Just Enough Items)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei)

- [JEI Integration](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei-integration)
- [Just Enough Advancements (JEA)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jea)
- [Just Enough Archaeology](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-archaeology)
- [Just Enough Beacons Reforged](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-beacons-reforged)
- [Just Enough Breeding (JEBr)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/justenoughbreeding)
- [Just Enough Calculation](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-calculation)
- [Just Enough Effect Descriptions (JEED)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-effect-descriptions-jeed)
- [Just Enough Painting Previews (JEPP)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jepp)
- [Just Enough Professions (JEP)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-professions-jep)
- [Just Enough Resources (JER)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-resources-jer)
- [Just Enough Sculk Sensor](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-sculk-sensor)
- [Moderately Enough Effect Descriptions (MEED) - A JEED Addon](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/moderately-enough-effect-descriptions-meed-a-jeed-addon)

Notes:

- `Just Enough Calculation` and `Just Enough Sculk Sensor` depend on `Architectury API`.
- `Just Enough Advancements` depends on `LibX`.

## Mapping/Information

- [AppleSkin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/appleskin)
- [BetterF3](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/betterf3)
- [Better Ping Display](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-ping-display)
- [Catalogue](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/catalogue)
- [Compact Help Command](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/compact-help-command)
- [Ding (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ding)
- [Explorer's Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/explorers-compass)
- [Jade Addons (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade-addons)
- [JadeColonies](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jadecolonies)
- [Jade 🔍](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade)
- [Nature's Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/natures-compass)
- [Portal Linking Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/portal-linking-compass)

### Tooltips

- [BeehiveTooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/beehivetooltips)
- [Drawers Tooltip](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/drawers-tooltip)
- [Durability Tooltip](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/durability-tooltip)
- [Enchantment Descriptions](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/enchantment-descriptions)
- [Equipment Compare](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/equipment-compare)
- [Food Effect Tooltips (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/food-effect-tooltips-forge)
- [FullGrownCropMarker](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/full-grown-crop-marker)
- [Legendary Tooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/legendary-tooltips)
- [Mod Name Tooltip](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mod-name-tooltip)

### Rejected

- [Structure Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/structure-compass)
  - I've been using `Explorer's Compass` and I'm comfortable with it.

## Utilities

- [CERBON's Better Beacons](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cerbons-better-beacons)
- [AI Improvements](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ai-improvements)
- [Amendments](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/amendments)
- [Better Days](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/betterdays)
- [Block Runner](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/block-runner-forge)
- [Canary](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/canary)
- [Clumps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps)
- [Connectivity](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/connectivity)
- [Controlling](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/controlling)
- [Default Options](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/default-options): Allows you to set default options for your modpack, ensuring a consistent experience for all players.
- [HT's TreeChop](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/treechop)
- [Inventory Sorter](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-sorter)
- [KleeSlabs](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/kleeslabs)
- [Legendary Tooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/legendary-tooltips)
- [Passable Foliage 🌳 (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/passable-foliage)
- [PeacefulSurface](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/peacefulsurface)
- [Waystones](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waystones)

## Storage

- [Storage Drawers](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/storage-drawers)
- [Sophisticated Backpacks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sophisticated-backpacks)
- [Framed Compacting Drawers](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/framed-compacting-drawers)

## Libraries

- [Architectury API (Fabric/Forge/NeoForge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/architectury-api)
- [Balm (Forge Edition)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/balm)
- [Bookshelf](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bookshelf)
- [CERBON's API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cerbons-api)
- [Cloth Config API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cloth-config)
- [Cupboard](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cupboard)
- [FLIB](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/flib)
- [Iceberg](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iceberg)
- [Kiwi 🥝 (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/kiwi)
- [LibX](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/libx)
- [Prism](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/prism-lib)
- [Puzzles Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/puzzles-lib)
- [Searchables](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/searchables)
- [Sophisticated Core](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sophisticated-core)
- [SuperMartijn642's Config Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/supermartijn642s-config-lib)
- [TerraBlender (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/terrablender)

bookshelf
  enchantment-descriptions

balm
  default-options
  kleeslabs
  waystones

cerbons_api
  just_enough_beacons

searchables
  controlling

terrablender
  biomesoplenty

sophhisticatedcore
  sophisticatedbackpacks

iceberg
prism
  legendarytooltips

puzzleslib
  blockrunner

supermartijn642configlib
  durabilitytooltip

cupboard
  connectivity

cloth_config
  betterf3

flib
  oceanfloor

iceberg
  equipmentcompare

kiwi
  passablefoliage

Commit message:

Added dependency notes for mods in the confirmed-mods list.

confirmed-mods.md, after:

# Confirmed Mods

These are the mods that have been confirmed and configured for this modpack.

There are two kinds of sections. Those that are dedicated to a related group
of mods, such as Minecolonies or JourneyMap; and those that are sorted by the
categories they are in.

Locations of the configuration files for the mods will be added later.

Looks like the Baritone mod is no longer on Curseforge, so we'll need to
[install it manually](https://github.com/cabaletta/baritone). And, just for
the record, it's a client side mod.

Todo: Cherry pick from [The Vanilla
Experience](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/the-vanilla-experience).

See if [Quark](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/quark) is still
interesting to me.

## Minecolonies

These are Minecolonies mods, created by the Minecolonies team.

- [Minecolonies](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/minecolonies)
  - [Domum-Ornamentum](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/domum-ornamentum)
  - [Multi-Piston](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/multi-piston)
  - [Structurize](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/structurize)
  - [Town Talk](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/towntalk)
- [Anvil Balance](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/anvil-balance)
- [Better Treasure Map](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/treasuredistance)
- [Clean Swing Through Grass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clean-swing-through-grass)
- [Storage Racks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/storage-racks)
- [Stylecolonies](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/stylecolonies)
- [Vanilla Plus Tools](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/vanilla-tools)
- [WaterPhysics](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waterphysics)

## Base Mods

These are the core, basic mods I know fairly well and know that I want them in
my modpack.

- [Better Advancements](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-advancements)
- [Comforts](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/comforts)

## Shaders

- [Vanilla Plus Shader](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/shaders/vanilla-plus-shader)

## Texture Packs

- [Fresh Animations](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/fresh-animations)
- [HD Font - Inconsolata](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/hd-font-inconsolata)

## Biomes

- [Biomes O'Plenty](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/biomes-o-plenty)
- [Geophilic Reforged – Biome Additions](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/geophilic-reforged)
- [Ocean Floor - Clay Sand and Dirt](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ocean-floor-clay-sand-and-dirt)
- [Tan's Huge Trees](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/tan-huge-trees)

## JourneyMap

- [JourneyMap](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap)
- [JourneyMap Integration](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/journeymap-integration)

## Just Enough Items (JEI)

- [JEI (Just Enough Items)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei)

- [JEI Integration](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jei-integration)
- [Just Enough Advancements (JEA)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jea)
- [Just Enough Archaeology](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-archaeology)
- [Just Enough Beacons Reforged](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-beacons-reforged)
- [Just Enough Breeding (JEBr)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/justenoughbreeding)
- [Just Enough Calculation](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-calculation)
- [Just Enough Effect Descriptions (JEED)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-effect-descriptions-jeed)
- [Just Enough Painting Previews (JEPP)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jepp)
- [Just Enough Professions (JEP)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-professions-jep)
- [Just Enough Resources (JER)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-resources-jer)
- [Just Enough Sculk Sensor](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/just-enough-sculk-sensor)
- [Moderately Enough Effect Descriptions (MEED) - A JEED Addon](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/moderately-enough-effect-descriptions-meed-a-jeed-addon)

Notes:

- `Just Enough Calculation` and `Just Enough Sculk Sensor` depend on `Architectury API`.
- `Just Enough Advancements` depends on `LibX`.

## Mapping/Information

- [AppleSkin](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/appleskin)
- [BetterF3](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/betterf3)
- [Better Ping Display](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-ping-display)
- [Catalogue](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/catalogue)
- [Compact Help Command](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/compact-help-command)
- [Ding (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ding)
- [Explorer's Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/explorers-compass)
- [Jade Addons (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade-addons)
- [JadeColonies](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jadecolonies)
- [Jade 🔍](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/jade)
- [Nature's Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/natures-compass)
- [Portal Linking Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/portal-linking-compass)

### Tooltips

- [BeehiveTooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/beehivetooltips)
- [Drawers Tooltip](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/drawers-tooltip)
- [Durability Tooltip](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/durability-tooltip)
- [Enchantment Descriptions](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/enchantment-descriptions)
- [Equipment Compare](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/equipment-compare)
- [Food Effect Tooltips (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/food-effect-tooltips-forge)
- [FullGrownCropMarker](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/full-grown-crop-marker)
- [Legendary Tooltips](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/legendary-tooltips)
- [Mod Name Tooltip](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mod-name-tooltip)

### Rejected

- [Structure Compass](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/structure-compass)
  - I've been using `Explorer's Compass` and I'm comfortable with it.

## Utilities

- [CERBON's Better Beacons](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cerbons-better-beacons)
- [AI Improvements](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/ai-improvements)
- [Amendments](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/amendments)
- [Better Days](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/betterdays)
- [Block Runner](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/block-runner-forge)
- [Canary](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/canary)
- [Clumps](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/clumps)
- [Connectivity](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/connectivity)
- [Controlling](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/controlling)
- [Default Options](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/default-options)
- [HT's TreeChop](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/treechop)
- [Inventory Sorter](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inventory-sorter)
- [KleeSlabs](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/kleeslabs)
- [Passable Foliage 🌳 (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/passable-foliage)
- [PeacefulSurface](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/peacefulsurface)
- [Waystones](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/waystones)

## Storage

- [Storage Drawers](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/storage-drawers)
- [Sophisticated Backpacks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sophisticated-backpacks)
- [Framed Compacting Drawers](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/framed-compacting-drawers)

## Libraries

- [Architectury API (Fabric/Forge/NeoForge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/architectury-api)
- [Balm (Forge Edition)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/balm)
- [Bookshelf](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/bookshelf)
- [CERBON's API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cerbons-api)
- [Cloth Config API](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cloth-config)
- [Cupboard](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/cupboard)
- [FLIB](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/flib)
- [Iceberg](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/iceberg)
- [Kiwi 🥝 (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/kiwi)
- [LibX](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/libx)
- [Prism](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/prism-lib)
- [Puzzles Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/puzzles-lib)
- [Searchables](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/searchables)
- [Sophisticated Core](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/sophisticated-core)
- [SuperMartijn642's Config Lib](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/supermartijn642s-config-lib)
- [TerraBlender (Forge)](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/terrablender)

NOTE THESE DEPENDS

libraryname
  mod-name

A slug is defined as the last part of the mods uri.

In the section the mod-name is located, add at the end a note that matches
existing notations, indicating which libraries that mod is dependent on.

Use the slug to get the human readable name.

bookshelf
  enchantment-descriptions

balm
  default-options
  kleeslabs
  waystones

cerbons_api
  just-enough-beacons-reforged

searchables
  controlling

terrablender
  biomes-o-plenty

sophisticated-core
  sophisticated-backpacks

iceberg
prism
  legendary-tooltips

puzzles-lib
  block-runner-forge

supermartijn642-config-lib
  durability-tooltip

cupboard
  connectivity

cloth-config
  betterf3

flib
  ocean-floor-clay-sand-and-dirt

iceberg
  equipment-compare

kiwi
  passable-foliage
