README.md, before:

# HarleyColonies

I grind all day at work, why would I want to play a game that requires me to
grind to get anywhere?!

This modpack is an attempt to reduce grinding as much as possible.

Minecolonies is central to this idea, so any mod that cause a conflict and
that cannot be resolved will not be included in this pack.

I'm also using Baritone AI pathfinder. If you have a problem with that, you can
always disable it.

NOTE:

I'm using the [`packwiz`](https://packwiz.infra.link) app to create this
modpack. If there are any eccentricities in my documentation or configuration,
feel free to let me know.

## Recommended Setup

* 64bit Java
* Minimum 8GB RAM

## Versions

* Minecraft 1.20.1
* Forge 47.2.0

## Known Issues/Workarounds

None at the moment.

## Project Page

- [Curseforge](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/harleycolonies)

## Resource Packs

* HD Font - Inconsolata
* Xray Ultimate

## Mods

### Configuration

* Better Title Screen
* Canary
* Catalogue
* Default Options
* Global GameRules

### Minecolonies

* BlockUI
* Domum Ornamentum
* Minecolonies
* Multi-Piston
* Storage Racks
* Structurize
* TownTalk

### World Generation

* Better Archeology
* Dense Ores - Abundant
* Flat Bedrock
* Simply Improved Terrain
* Snow Under Trees
* WaterPhysics

#### Biome

* Biomes O'Plenty
* Geophilic Reforged - Biome Additions

#### Structures

* Abridged
* Better Villages
* Incendium
* Philip's Ruins
* Repurposed Structures
* Subterrestrial
* Terralith
* ? more ships

### Mobs

* ? Bee Fix
* ? Better Spawner Control
* ? Conduits Prevent Drowned
* ? Creeper Overhaul
* ? Crying Ghasts
* ? No Hostiles Around Campfire
* ? Passive Endermen
* ? Peaceful Surface
* ? Random Sheep Colours
* ? Let Sleeping Dogs Lie
* ? AI Improvements
* ? Entity Culling
* ? Infinite Trading
* ? Manure
* ? Better Animations Collection

### Villagers

* ? Guard Villagers
* ? More Villagers
* ? Villager Names

### Navigation

* ? Chalk
* Better Treasure Map
* BetterF3
* Explorer's Compass
* JourneyMap (and JourneyMap Integration)
* Nature's Compass
* Portal Linking Compass

### Information

* ? Advancement Plaques

#### Tooltips

* Drawers Tooltip
* Durability Tooltip
* Effect Tooltips
* Equipment Compare (config?)
* Food Effect Tooltips (not working)
* Legendary Tooltips
* Mod Name Tooltip
* ? BeehiveTooltips

#### Just Enough Stuff

* JEI Integration
* Just Enough Advancements (JEA)
* Just Enough Archaeology
* Just Enough Beacons Reforged
* Just Enough Breeding (JEBr)
* Just Enough Effect Descriptions (JEED)
* Just Enough Items (JEI)
* Just Enough Painting Previews
* Just Enough Professions (JEP)
* Just Enough Resources (JER)
* Just Enough Sculk Sensor
* Moderately Enough Effect Descriptions

#### Jade Stuff

* Jade
* Jade Addons
* JadeColonies

### Cosmetic

* ? Better Fps - Render Distance
* ? EnhancedVisuals
* ? Physics Mod
* DireColonies
* Stylecolonies
* ? Clear Water
* ? Compact Help Command

### Quality of Life

* ? Anvil Restoration
* ? AutoFish for Forge
* ? Better Beacon Placement
* ? Better Conduit Placement
* ? Better Than Mending
* ? Better With Minecolonies
* ? Bigger Sponge Absorption Radius
* ? Bottled Air
* ? Comforts
* ? Crafting Station
* ? Crying Portals
* ? Double Doors
* ? Easy Mob Farm
* ? Easy Villagers
* ? Furnace Recycle
* ? HT's TreeChop
* ? Inventory Sorter
* ? Inventory Totem
* ? Just Another Rotten Flesh to Leather Mod
* ? More Automation
* ? Random Bone Meal Flowers
* ? Scaffolding Drops Nearby
* ? Vanilla Zoom
* ? Wool Tweaks
* ? [BPOP]Botany Pots Ore Planting
* AnvilBalance
* Clean Swing Through Grass
* Faster Ladder Climbing
* Vanilla Plus Tools

### Vanilla+

* ? Supplementaries

### Uncategorized

* ? AppleSkin
* ? Areas
* ? Auto Dropper
* ? Auto Feeder Helmet
* ? Auto HUD
* ? Auto Planting Forests
* ? Automobility
* ? Better Advancements
* ? Better chunk loading
* ? Better Days
* ? Better Foliage Renewed
* ? Better Ping Display
* ?

### To Be Tested

* Additional Structures
* Atmospheric Phenomena
* Biome Particle Weather
* ChoiceTheorems's Overhauled Village
* Chunky
* Continents
* Dense Trees
* DnT's stuff (there are a number of them)
* Dynamic View
* Eugene's Wealthy Plains Village
* Farmer's Delight (and associated mods)
* Forgematica (litematica requires malilib)
* Hole Filler Mod
* KubeJS
* Large Ore Deposits
* Naturalist
* River Redux
* Shrines Structures
* Tectonic
* Towers of the Wild Modded
* Towns and Towers
* Underground Villages
* Village Spawn Point
* VillagersPlus
* World Border
* World Preview
* YUNG's Stuff (there are a number of them)
* Trade Uses
* Villager Death Messages
* Not Enough Recipe Book
* Enchantment Descriptions
* Structory
* Animal Feeding Trough
* Enhanced AI
* Nyf's Spiders
* Butcher's Delight
* Monster Hunter Villager
* K-Turrets
* ChickensShed
* Distracting Trims
* Plenty of Golems
* Dimensional Trade Villagers
* More Advncements
* More Sleeps
* Heracles For Villagers
* Liberty's Villagers
* Productive Villagers

* (Colonies and Technologies)[https://modrinth.com/modpack/colonies-and-technologies] modpack

### Remove

### Rejected

* Difficulty Lock - Available in Global Gamerules
* Not Enough Gamerules - Don't need/want any of these rules

### Problem Children

Commit message:

Updated first section to include necessary changes for project approval.

README.md, after:

# HarleyColonies

I grind all day at work, why would I want to play a game that requires me to
grind to get anywhere?!

This modpack is an attempt to reduce grinding as much as possible.

Minecolonies is central to this idea, so any mod that cause a conflict and
that cannot be resolved will not be included in this pack.

I'm also using Baritone AI pathfinder. If you have a problem with that, you can
always disable it.

NOTE:

I'm using the [`packwiz`](https://packwiz.infra.link) app to create this
modpack. If there are any eccentricities in my documentation or configuration,
feel free to let me know.

## Changes needed to first section

This project requires changes in order to be approved. Until the changes are made and the project is approved by a moderator, the project will not be visible to others, and its files will not synchronize across CurseForge.

The description for HarleyColonies doesn't explain what is actually in the pack: What can a player do with it, what features it has, etc.

Assume potential users aren't familiar with the mods.

The description does not need to be long, but you need to provide at least a few examples of what your pack has to offer before we can approve it.


If you have any questions please contact our support team https://support.curseforge.com.

## Recommended Setup

* 64bit Java
* Minimum 8GB RAM

## Versions

* Minecraft 1.20.1
* Forge 47.2.0

## Known Issues/Workarounds

None at the moment.

## Project Page

- [Curseforge](https://legacy.curseforge.com/minecraft/modpacks/harleycolonies)

## Resource Packs

* HD Font - Inconsolata
* Xray Ultimate

## Mods

### Configuration

* Better Title Screen
* Canary
* Catalogue
* Default Options
* Global GameRules

### Minecolonies

* BlockUI
* Domum Ornamentum
* Minecolonies
* Multi-Piston
* Storage Racks
* Structurize
* TownTalk

### World Generation

* Better Archeology
* Dense Ores - Abundant
* Flat Bedrock
* Simply Improved Terrain
* Snow Under Trees
* WaterPhysics

#### Biome

* Biomes O'Plenty
* Geophilic Reforged - Biome Additions

#### Structures

* Abridged
* Better Villages
* Incendium
* Philip's Ruins
* Repurposed Structures
* Subterrestrial
* Terralith
* ? more ships

### Mobs

* ? Bee Fix
* ? Better Spawner Control
* ? Conduits Prevent Drowned
* ? Creeper Overhaul
* ? Crying Ghasts
* ? No Hostiles Around Campfire
* ? Passive Endermen
* ? Peaceful Surface
* ? Random Sheep Colours
* ? Let Sleeping Dogs Lie
* ? AI Improvements
* ? Entity Culling
* ? Infinite Trading
* ? Manure
* ? Better Animations Collection

### Villagers

* ? Guard Villagers
* ? More Villagers
* ? Villager Names

### Navigation

* ? Chalk
* Better Treasure Map
* BetterF3
* Explorer's Compass
* JourneyMap (and JourneyMap Integration)
* Nature's Compass
* Portal Linking Compass

### Information

* ? Advancement Plaques

#### Tooltips

* Drawers Tooltip
* Durability Tooltip
* Effect Tooltips
* Equipment Compare (config?)
* Food Effect Tooltips (not working)
* Legendary Tooltips
* Mod Name Tooltip
* ? BeehiveTooltips

#### Just Enough Stuff

* JEI Integration
* Just Enough Advancements (JEA)
* Just Enough Archaeology
* Just Enough Beacons Reforged
* Just Enough Breeding (JEBr)
* Just Enough Effect Descriptions (JEED)
* Just Enough Items (JEI)
* Just Enough Painting Previews
* Just Enough Professions (JEP)
* Just Enough Resources (JER)
* Just Enough Sculk Sensor
* Moderately Enough Effect Descriptions

#### Jade Stuff

* Jade
* Jade Addons
* JadeColonies

### Cosmetic

* ? Better Fps - Render Distance
* ? EnhancedVisuals
* ? Physics Mod
* DireColonies
* Stylecolonies
* ? Clear Water
* ? Compact Help Command

### Quality of Life

* ? Anvil Restoration
* ? AutoFish for Forge
* ? Better Beacon Placement
* ? Better Conduit Placement
* ? Better Than Mending
* ? Better With Minecolonies
* ? Bigger Sponge Absorption Radius
* ? Bottled Air
* ? Comforts
* ? Crafting Station
* ? Crying Portals
* ? Double Doors
* ? Easy Mob Farm
* ? Easy Villagers
* ? Furnace Recycle
* ? HT's TreeChop
* ? Inventory Sorter
* ? Inventory Totem
* ? Just Another Rotten Flesh to Leather Mod
* ? More Automation
* ? Random Bone Meal Flowers
* ? Scaffolding Drops Nearby
* ? Vanilla Zoom
* ? Wool Tweaks
* ? [BPOP]Botany Pots Ore Planting
* AnvilBalance
* Clean Swing Through Grass
* Faster Ladder Climbing
* Vanilla Plus Tools

### Vanilla+

* ? Supplementaries

### Uncategorized

* ? AppleSkin
* ? Areas
* ? Auto Dropper
* ? Auto Feeder Helmet
* ? Auto HUD
* ? Auto Planting Forests
* ? Automobility
* ? Better Advancements
* ? Better chunk loading
* ? Better Days
* ? Better Foliage Renewed
* ? Better Ping Display
* ?

### To Be Tested

* Additional Structures
* Atmospheric Phenomena
* Biome Particle Weather
* ChoiceTheorems's Overhauled Village
* Chunky
* Continents
* Dense Trees
* DnT's stuff (there are a number of them)
* Dynamic View
* Eugene's Wealthy Plains Village
* Farmer's Delight (and associated mods)
* Forgematica (litematica requires malilib)
* Hole Filler Mod
* KubeJS
* Large Ore Deposits
* Naturalist
* River Redux
* Shrines Structures
* Tectonic
* Towers of the Wild Modded
* Towns and Towers
* Underground Villages
* Village Spawn Point
* VillagersPlus
* World Border
* World Preview
* YUNG's Stuff (there are a number of them)
* Trade Uses
* Villager Death Messages
* Not Enough Recipe Book
* Enchantment Descriptions
* Structory
* Animal Feeding Trough
* Enhanced AI
* Nyf's Spiders
* Butcher's Delight
* Monster Hunter Villager
* K-Turrets
* ChickensShed
* Distracting Trims
* Plenty of Golems
* Dimensional Trade Villagers
* More Advncements
* More Sleeps
* Heracles For Villagers
* Liberty's Villagers
* Productive Villagers

* (Colonies and Technologies)[https://modrinth.com/modpack/colonies-and-technologies] modpack

### Remove

### Rejected

* Difficulty Lock - Available in Global Gamerules
* Not Enough Gamerules - Don't need/want any of these rules

### Problem Children
